[2.12_stage] Omit `403` errors for link checker (#7948)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/install_upgrade/install_connected.adoc

* A supported version of {ocp-short} must be deployed in your environment, and you must be logged into with the {ocp-short} CLI. See the following install documentation:

>   - link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.15/html/installation_overview/index[{ocp-short} Installing]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.15/html/installation_overview/index[Installation overview] in the {ocp-short} documentation.
```
